i3list[AWF]=0              	# Active Window floating
i3list[ATW]=1015           	# Active Window tab width
i3list[ATX]=0              	# Active Window tab x postion
i3list[AWH]=334            	# Active Window height
i3list[AWI]=8389868        	# Active Window id
i3list[AWW]=1015           	# Active Window width
i3list[AFO]=BD             	# Active Window relatives
i3list[AWX]=0              	# Active Window x position
i3list[AFC]=D              	# Active Window cousin
i3list[AWY]=0              	# Active Window y position
i3list[AFF]=AC             	# Active Window family
i3list[AFS]=C              	# Active Window sibling
i3list[AWB]=20             	# Active Window titlebar height
i3list[AFT]=B              	# Active Window twin
i3list[AWP]=A              	# Active Window parent
i3list[AWC]=94203251753248 	# Active Window con_id
i3list[TWB]=20             	# Target Window titlebar height
i3list[TWC]=94203265447104 	# Target Window con_id
i3list[TWF]=1              	# Target Window Floating
i3list[TTW]=728            	# Target Window tab width
i3list[TTX]=0              	# Target Window tab x postion
i3list[TWH]=370            	# Target Window height
i3list[TWI]=8394001        	# Target Window id
i3list[TWW]=728            	# Target Window width
i3list[TWX]=635            	# Target Window x position
i3list[TWY]=666            	# Target Window y position
i3list[CAF]=94203251753248 	# Container A Focused container id
i3list[CBF]=94203247822480 	# Container B Focused container id
i3list[CCF]=94203251541616 	# Container C Focused container id
i3list[CDF]=94203257841824 	# Container D Focused container id
i3list[CAW]=1              	# Container A Workspace
i3list[CBW]=1              	# Container B Workspace
i3list[CCW]=1              	# Container C Workspace
i3list[CAL]=splith         	# Container A Layout
i3list[CDW]=1              	# Container D Workspace
i3list[CBL]=tabbed         	# Container B Layout
i3list[CCL]=tabbed         	# Container C Layout
i3list[CDL]=tabbed         	# Container D Layout
i3list[SAB]=1445           	# Current split: AB
i3list[MCD]=770            	# Stored split: CD
i3list[SAC]=334            	# Current split: AC
i3list[SBD]=232            	# Current split: BD
i3list[SCD]=1445           	# Current split: CD
i3list[MAB]=1445           	# Stored split: AB
i3list[MAC]=334            	# Stored split: AC
i3list[MBD]=438            	# Stored split: BD
i3list[LEX]=DCBA           	# Existing containers (LVI+LHI)
i3list[LHI]=               	# Hidden i3fyra containers
i3list[LVI]=DCBA           	# Visible i3fyra containers
i3list[FBD]=BD             	# Family BD memory
i3list[LAL]=ACBD           	# All containers in family order
i3list[WAH]=1080           	# Active Workspace height
i3list[WAI]=94203248431776 	# Active Workspace con_id
i3list[WAW]=1920           	# Active Workspace width
i3list[WSF]=1              	# i3fyra Workspace Number
i3list[WAX]=0              	# Active Workspace x position
i3list[WAY]=0              	# Active Workspace y position
i3list[WST]=-1             	# Target Workspace Number
i3list[WFH]=1080           	# i3fyra Workspace Height
i3list[WFI]=94203248431776 	# i3fyra Workspace con_id
i3list[WAN]='1'            	# Active Workspace name
i3list[WTH]=0              	# Target Workspace Height
i3list[WFW]=1920           	# i3fyra Workspace Width
i3list[WTI]=94203248408432 	# Target Workspace con_id
i3list[WFX]=0              	# i3fyra Workspace X position
i3list[WTW]=0              	# Target Workspace Width
i3list[WFY]=0              	# i3fyra Workspace Y position
i3list[WTX]=0              	# Target Workspace X poistion
i3list[WTY]=0              	# Target Workspace Y position
i3list[WFN]='1'            	# i3fyra Workspace name
i3list[WSA]=1              	# Active Workspace number
i3list[WTN]='__i3_scratch' 	# Target Workspace name
