.TH I3\-MATCH 1 2022-05-11 "i3\-match" "i3\-match Manual"
.SH NAME
i3\-match \- match and query i3/sway window properties and events
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B i3\-match
.RB [ \-S ]
.RI [ option | filter ]...
.RB [ \-o " \fIfield" \fR...]

.B swaymatch
.RB [ \-S ]
.RI [ option | filter ]...
.RB [ \-o " \fIfield" \fR...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBi3\-match\fR provides command\-line access to i3 window manager's IPC
interface. Also works with \fBsway\fR(1); See \fISWAY MODE\fR below and
\fBsway\-ipc\fR(7).
.PP
.B i3\-match
has two modes of operation: match\-mode and subscribe\-mode. In both modes,
filters are used to select nodes.
.PP
Match\-mode is the default, where nodes are containers/windows in the tree.
.PP
The \fB\-S\fR option enables subscribe\-mode, where \fBi3\-match\fR listens for
events via the \fBsubscribe\fR IPC feature. Each event is matched as a node.
See also the \fB\-m\fR option.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-W
Enable sway mode. Default when invoked as
.BR swaymatch .
Overrides a previous \fB\-I\fR option. See \fISWAY MODE\fR below.
.TP
.B \-I
Disable sway mode. See \fISWAY MODE\fR below. Overrides a previous \fB\-W\fR
option.
.TP
.B \-a
Print unmatched nodes too. Output the
.B :match
field or specify
.B \-h
to highlight matches.
If specified twice in subscribe mode ("almost all"), events not matching
filters for the
.B :evtype
field are left out.
.TP
.BI \-d " delimiter"
Set the delimiter. Default is space (" ").
.TP
.BI \-e " field op value"
Specify a filter with three following arguments. See
.B FILTERS
below.
.TP
.B \-h
Highlight matches. Useful with
.BR \-a .
.TP
.BI \-i " file"
Read json tree from
.I file
instead of querying via i3 IPC. If
.I file
is a single dash ("\fB\-\fR") read from stdin. Match\-mode only.
.TP
.BI \-l " num"
Consider success after
.I num
matches. Default is 1. Match\-mode only (see also
.BR \-n ).
.TP
.B \-m
Keep monitoring for events infinitely. Specifying
.B \-n
after this option overrides this effect. Sets printed fields to
.B ":evtype change current/name container/name binding/command payload input/identifier id"
unless
.B \-o
is given.
Subscribe\-mode only.
.TP
.BI \-n " num"
In match\-mode: Exit after printing
.I num
nodes. If no output fields are selected, this option is ignored (you may want
.B \-l
instead).
In subscribe\-mode: exit after matching
.I num
nodes.
.TP
.BI \-o " field" \fR...
Print the values of given fields for each matched node. Printed values are
separated by the delimiter
.RB "(see " \-d ).
All arguments following this option are treated as field names.
.TP
.B \-S
Enter subscribe\-mode. This may not be specified after mode\-specific options.
.TP
.BI \-s " path"
Specify the path of the i3 socket to use. By default, uses the socket of the
i3 instance of the current display.
.TP
.B \-t
Same as
.BR "\-o :itree name" .
If both
.B \-t
and
.B \-o
are given,
.B :itree
is added before the first specified output field. Match\-mode only.
.SH FILTERS
Filters are conditions applied to each node to choose which nodes to select.
All filters need to match to a node for it to be selected.
.PP
Filters are specified with the syntax
.I field op value
in a single argument without delimiting characters or by specifying the arguments
.B \-e
.IR "field op value" .
.I field
is the name of any field (see
.B FIELDS
below).
.I value
is the string to match against.
.I op
is one of the following operators:
.TP
.B =
Matches when the value of
.I field
is exactly
.IR value .
.TP
.B *=
Matches when the value of
.I field
contains
.IR value .
.TP
.B ^=
Matches when the value of
.I field
starts with
.IR value .
.TP
.B $=
Matches when the value of
.I field
ends with
.IR value .
.PP
The meaning of any operator can be inverted by prefixing it with an exclamation
mark ("\fB!\fR").
.SH FIELDS
Fields contain values for each node. They are accessed via their names in
the json\-structure of each node.
.PP
Hierarchies of json objects are accessed using slashes ("\fB/\fR") as separator.
.PP
Fields not found for a node are empty. There is no check for whether a field
name is valid.
.PP
See i3 IPC documentation (https://i3wm.org/docs/ipc.html) and the \fIEVENTS\fR
section in \fBsway\-ipc\fR(7) for a list of fields.
.SS "Pseudo fields"
.B i3\-match
provides additional information for each node. Pseudo\-fields access this
information. All pseudo\-fields start with colon ("\fB:\fR").
.TP
.B :match
1, if this node is a match. 0 otherwise. 0 when used in a filter.
.TP
.B :level
Nesting level of this node in i3's layout tree. 0 for the root node.
0 in subscribe\-mode.
.TP
.B :floating
1, if this node is contained in a \fBfloating_nodes\fR array. Increments by 1
for each nesting level inside such a node. 0 in subscribe\-mode.
.TP
.B :scratch
1, if this node's \fBscratchpad_state\fR is not \fBnone\fR. Increments by 1 for each
nesting level inside such a node. 0 in subscribe\-mode.
.sp
To detect scratch windows on \fBsway\fR(1), containers with ids found in the
\fBfocus\fR array of the \fB__i3_scratch\fR workspace are also considered
scratch windows.
.TP
.B :workspace
Name of the workspace containing this node. Empty if this node is not
contained by a workspace. Empty in subscribe\-mode.
.TP
.B :output
Name of the output (screen) containing this node. Empty if this node
is not contained by an output. Empty in subscribe\-mode.
.TP
.B :sibi
Index of this node within the current list of siblings.
0 in subscribe\-mode.
.TP
.B :sibc
Number of siblings of this node. 0 in subscribe\-mode.
.TP
.B :childc
Number of children of this node. 0 in subscribe\-mode.
.TP
.B :indent
Outputs an indented hierarchy tree. Matched nodes are indented with two dashes
("\fB\-\-\fR") other nodes with two spaces ("  ") per level. Only useful in
match\-mode.
.TP
.B :itree
Outputs an indented hierarchy resembling the output of
.BR tree (1).
Only useful in match\-mode.
.TP
.B :evtype
Event type in subscribe\-mode. One of
.BR workspace ", " output ", " mode ", " window ", " barconfig_update ", " binding ", " shutdown ", " tick .
.sp
In sway mode, one of
.BR workspace ", " mode ", " window ", " barconfig_update ", " binding ", " shutdown ", " tick ", " bar_state_update ", " input .
.sp
This field is special when used in filters in subscribe\-mode: Filters on this
field are used to decide which events to subscribe for. This is an optimization
and only makes a visual difference when specifying
.B \-a
twice.
.sp
If filters are specified such that no event types match,
.B i3\-match
exits with an error message.
.sp
\fBnone\fR in match\-mode.
.TP
.B :nodei
Index of this node.
.TP
.B :matchc
Number of matches up to this point. This is incremented after
a node is matched and before processing output.
.TP
.B :json
Json representation of this node formatted without newlines.
.TP
.BI :json: field
Json representation of
.I field
formatted without newlines. See
.B FIELDS
above for
.IR field .
Pseudo fields are not available here.
.SH "ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES"
.TP
.B I3SOCK
If not in sway mode and
.B \-s
is not given, this variable is used to determine the path of i3's IPC socket,
overriding the usual lookup.
.TP
.B SWAYSOCK
If set to a non\-empty value and the \fB\-I\fR option is not specified, sway mode
is enabled.
.sp
In sway mode, this variable is used instead of \fBI3SOCK\fR. See
\fISWAY MODE\fR blow.
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
The exit status is 0 on success, 1 if success condition was not met and
2 if an error occurred.
In match\-mode success means that at least one node was selected. If
.B \-l
was specified, the exit status is according to that option.
In subscribe\-mode
.B i3\-match
exits on success, so the exit status is always 0 unless an error occurred.
.SH "SWAY MODE"
If the \fB\-W\fR option is enabled, or the program is invoked as
\fBswaymatch\fR, or the \fBSWAYSOCK\fR environment variable is set to a
non\-empty string, sway mode is enabled unless the \fB\-I\fR option is in
effect. Sway mode enables full compatibility with the \fBsway\fR(1) compositor.
.sp
Sway mode has the following effects:
.RS 4
.P
The set of events in subscribe mode is changed to those supported by
\fBsway\fR(1). See the \fB:evtype\fR \fIFIELD\fR above. See also the
\fBSUBSCRIBE\fR message and \fIEVENTS\fR section in \fBsway\-ipc\fR(7).
.P
The \fBSWAYSOCK\fR environment variable is used to find the socket path instead
of \fBI3SOCK\fR. See \fIENVIRONMENT VARIABLES\fR above.
.P
The command \fBsway \-\-get\-socketpath\fR is used instead of \fBi3
\-\-get\-socketpath\fR as the last resort method to find the socket path. Note
that since \fBsway\fR also uses the \fBSWAYSOCK\fR environment variable, this
will likely fail, as of \fBsway\fR version \fB1.7\fR.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B i3\-match \-t
Print a simple hierarchy tree with names for each container.
.TP
.B i3\-match 'name*=Firefox' \-l 2 && echo true
Print "true" when there are at least two containers with titles
containing "Firefox".
.TP
.B i3\-match focused=true \-a \-h \-o :itree rect/{width,height} name
Print width, height and title for each window and container.
Highlight the focused window.
.TP
.B i3\-match focused=true \-ahto rect/{width,height} name
Same as above.
.TP
.B i3\-match \-S :evtype=window change=new
Wait for a window to be created, then exit.
.TP
.B i3\-match \-Sm :evtype=window container/focused=true \-o container/name
Print the name of the focused window every time it changes.

.SH SEE ALSO
.P
.BR i3 (1) " sway" (1)  " sway\-ipc" (7)
